Docs: document how to terminate a session (#8286)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/commercial/sharing.rst

   
   You can always revoke access in the same panel.

.. note::
   

>    You can terminate your session by :ref:`versions:Logging out`.

Reviewer: Having too many notes feels a bit heavy in the design. I think this should probably just be part of the content.

   
   You can always revoke access in the same panel.

> Users can log out by using the :ref:`Log Out <versions:Logging out>` button in the RTD flyout.

Reviewer 2: We should eventually find a better way to describe the menu. I doubt folks know what we mean when core team says flyout.

For now, "link" is more clear, as we don't have any buttons in the flyout menu.

```suggestion
Users can log out by using the :ref:`Log Out <versions:Logging out>` link in the RTD flyout menu.
```
